BONUS POINT POLICY:

Bonus points are available in CH485 subject to the following:



EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES:

Bonus points may be awarded for participation in extracurricular 
activities that are related to chemical engineering.  Awards are
made on a case-by-case basis according to the rules below.

RULES FOR SUBMISSION:

1. I will consider a submission for bonus points only if you email 
me within 48 hours of the end of the activity.  The email must 
state the name and date of the activity, as well as what you did 
as a participant in the activity.

2. The submission must be related to chemical engineering.  If 
the relationship is unclear, you may ask for a ruling.  No points
will be awarded if the relationship to chemical engineering is 
unclear or nonexistent.  (Click on "outcomes" from the course
main page for examples of student outcomes that can be used as 
justification for bonus points.)

3. I occasionally make an error tallying points.  Please check your 
point totals to ensure that they are correct.  Corrections are
accepted as long as your initial submission was consistent with #1 
and #2 above.  Corrections must be submitted within 14 days of the 
event – no exceptions.

4. Point values will normally be 5 points per activity.  Points 
values can be higher if I determine that you contributed an unusal 
amount of time or effort. For example, all-day events or trip sec-
tions to national meetings require more time and effort, and are 
therefore worth more points.

5.  You may accrue up to 110 bonus points. This is just under 6% 
of the total points in the course. 

6. if you are academically deficient as a result of your grade in
my course, you may not ask for relief on the basis of bonus points 
accrued. Bonus points for extracurricular activities will not be 
added to your grade in CIS until I post the final grades in December.  
Therefore, 

7. Submissions are always negotiable.  If you are unsure, submit 
first and ask questions later.  If I have any questions about the 
activity, I will contact you.

8.  The last day for submissions is Lesson 40 COB.



EXAM CORRECTIONS AND OTHER ACITIVITIES:

There will also be other bonus points awarded in this course, not
included in the 110-point limit stated in #5.  These points will 
be offered  as an incentive for you to make AN EXTRA EFFORT on 
to learn concpets in the course.

9. Corrections to your WPRs.  These points will normally be about 
10-20 percent of the point total.  Based on the total WPR points 
in the SIS, this amounts to a maximum of about 60 to 120 points 
For exam corrections.  The actual amount will most likely be 
considerably less than this.

10. Submission times will be announced at the time that the exams 
are released to you.  Normally, this will be about 24 hours.

11. Submissions MUST include a cover page and the original exam.

12. Additional bonus questions, such as the Thanksgiving Turkey 
Problem, will be announced in class and posted on the web page.

13. All points in this category will be added directly to your AMS 
score and uploaded immediately.  Therefore, they can be used to 
alleviate an academic deficiency.